README.md, before:

Simple SMS
==========

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SimpleSoftwareIO/simple-sms.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SimpleSoftwareIO/simple-sms)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)

## Introduction
Simple SMS is an easy to use package for [Laravel](http://laravel.com/) that adds the capability to send and receive SMS/MMS messages to mobile phones from your web app. It currently supports a free way to send SMS messages through E-Mail gateways provided by the wireless carriers. The package also supports 6 paid services, [Call Fire,](https://www.callfire.com/) [EZTexting,](https://www.eztexting.com) [LabsMobile,](http://www.labsmobile.com) [Mozeo,](https://www.mozeo.com/) [Nexmo,](https://www.nexmo.com/) [Twilio,](https://www.twilio.com) and [Zenvia.](http://www.zenvia.com.br)

## Official Documentation

Documentation for Simple SMS can be found on our [website.](https://www.simplesoftware.io/docs/simple-sms)

## Contributing

Please submit all issues and pull requests to the [simplesoftwareio/simple-sms](https://github.com/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms) repository on the develop branch!

## License

This software is released under the [MIT license.](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

ADd beta to landing readme

README.md, after:

Simple SMS
==========

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/SimpleSoftwareIO/simple-sms.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/SimpleSoftwareIO/simple-sms)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms)

## V3.0.0-Beta1 Is Released!
V3.0.0 brings in support for 2 more paid drivers bringing our total to 9!  Welcome aboard FlowRoute, Plivo.  See the full list of changes in the [changelog.](https://github.com/SimpleSoftwareIO/simple-sms/blob/develop/CHANGELOG.md)

[View the beta Documentation](https://github.com/SimpleSoftwareIO/simple-sms/tree/develop/docs/en/README.md)

## Introduction
Simple SMS is an easy to use package for [Laravel](http://laravel.com/) that adds the capability to send and receive SMS/MMS messages to mobile phones from your web app. It currently supports a free way to send SMS messages through E-Mail gateways provided by the wireless carriers. The package also supports 7 paid services, [Call Fire,](https://www.callfire.com/) [EZTexting,](https://www.eztexting.com) [LabsMobile,](http://www.labsmobile.com) [Mozeo,](https://www.mozeo.com/) [Nexmo,](https://www.nexmo.com/) [Twilio,](https://www.twilio.com) and [Zenvia.](http://www.zenvia.com.br)

## Official Documentation

Documentation for Simple SMS can be found on our [website.](https://www.simplesoftware.io/docs/simple-sms)

## Contributing

Please submit all issues and pull requests to the [simplesoftwareio/simple-sms](https://github.com/simplesoftwareio/simple-sms) repository on the develop branch!

## License

This software is released under the [MIT license.](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
